.\" (do I need this?)  \# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-
.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH dvd_archive 1 "2012-04-15" "0.1"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
dvd_archive \- Tool to backup DVDs
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dvd_archive
[\fIOPTION\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B dvd_archive
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
\fBdvd_archive\fP is a tool to extract data from video DVDs.  It has the
advantages of being small, fast, and easy to use.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
print a brief usage message
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
print version information
.TP
.B \-I, \-\-info
for information about the DVD
.TP
.B \-i DEVICE, \-\-input=DEVICE
where DEVICE is your DVD device.  This switch only needs to be used if your DVD
device node is not /dev/dvd
.TP
.B \-o DIRECTORY, \-\-output=DIRECTORY
where DIRECTORY is your backup target.  If not given, the current working
directory will be used.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-verbose
print more information about progress
.TP
.B \-n NAME, \-\-name=NAME
(optional) set the title \- useful if autodetection fails
.TP
.B  \-r {a,b,m}, \-\-error={a,b,m}
select read error handling:
a=abort,
b=skip block,
m=skip multiple blocks (default)
.SH Option notes
.B \-a
is option to the

Since the title is "unique" you can use the same directory for all your DVD
backups. If it happens to have a generic title dvd_archive will exit with a return
value of 2, and you will need to specify a title name with the
.B \-n
switch.

dvd_archive will always mimic the original DVD\-Video structure.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI dvd_archive\ \-I
gathers information about the DVD.
/dev/dvd is the default device tried - you need
to use 
.B -i
if your device name is different.
.TP
.BI dvd_archive\ 
backups the whole DVD to a .IMG file.

.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.TP
.B 0
on success
.TP
.B 1
on usage error
.TP
.B 2
on title name error
.TP
.B \-1
on failure
.SH AUTHORS
dvd_archive was written by James Courtier-Dutton <James@superbug.co.uk>
